Instructions


The game is a point and click adventure style game.There are two areas in the game, the security room (where you spawn) and the market area. When in the beginning area there are three different interactive objects to click. Each object will show the use of ducking (6), and reverb (3). The first of these is the sign to the left displaying a person that won employee of the month. Clicking on this will make the main character say something, which will cause the background music to be ducked. The second is the guard. Clicking on him will cause him to tell you to leave since you do not have clearance, this also enables a duck. The third are the laser beams. Clicking on these will also cause a line to be said. Each of these lines are ducked as well as have reverb settings appropriate for a small area with a lot of metal. If you head toward the bottom of the level, you will be able to leave and go to the next room. This causes a scene switch and will cause the music being played in the background to fade out and the new music to fade in. This also applies when coming into the security room from the market are. (5) 

In the market area voice line and effect has new reverb settings equivalent to a slightly narrow city street. In this area there are multiple things to interact with and the main way to ‘beat’ the game is to collect a coin, coffee, and a pair of glasses. To start with, you can go to the vending machine to pick up the coin. As with the security room previously, every voice line in this area has ducking (6) applied to it so that background music and any FX should have their volume lowered when a character is speaking. If you go to the fish vendor you can click on the fish to pick it up as well. After picking it up, if you try to pick it up again, the character will say something about not needing a fish and this will then change how you can interact with the fish. Now if you try to click on the fish again, the fish vendor will instead tell you to leave. (7) The robot offering coffee, can be interacted with and if you haven’t picked up the coin at this point, he will tell you that a coffee is only one coin. If you have, he will give you the coffee which is the second item needed to finish the game. Moving closer to the left side of the market you’ll begin to hear audio of a bird chirping. This is set up as 3D audio so it will be faint at first, but grow louder as you get closer to the bird. The bird also has its chirping pitch shifted so it never quite sounds the same after each call. (4)(2) Clicking on the bird will cause the bird to fly away and will knock down some glasses. Doing this will also cause the man sleeping to begin snoring. The snoring is pitch shifted so his snoring is always different and is done using 3d audio so the further you are from him, the fainter his snoring will be. (4)(7)(2) If you click on the snoring man, the main character will make a comment and the man will stop snoring erratically and will instead have a constant snore. (7) Clicking on the glasses will cause the main character to pick them up and at this point you can go back to the security room to talk to the guard again. You could also go back to the guard after getting the glasses only and although he won’t let you pass, he will say something different to you. 

Once you have gone back to the security room and have both the glasses and the coffee, talk to the guard and he will say that you can now enter. Once you do this the security system will power down and the laser beams will deactivate. if you go toward the laser beams now and attempt to pass, you will get a game won text and FX, followed by a transition from the background music to the game won music. Like the audio transition from room to room, this transition also involves fading out the background music and fading in the game won music. (5) 
To get 3D audio implemented, I used the 3d audio option provided with each sound source and set the roll-off to linear instead of logarithmic. For the audio transitions I attached an animator component to each piece of music to be faded in and out and made it increase/decrease volume over time. I also created a script that utilized a coroutine that would look for a particular audio source when a scene was being switched, after it was found it would use execute its fade out animation. For the pitch shifting, I used a script that would choose between random values and set the audio sources pitch to the random value selected. For reverb, I made use of the reverb zone component and set the reverb to what I felt was most appropriate for the given area. For the change in audio effects, I made use of a mix of collision box triggers and the games already implemented gameobject reaction triggers to make it so that based on what the character clicks on, certain gameobjects or audio sources will become active or de-active. In the case of the fish vendor for example, clicking on the fish when the character already has a fish would cause a reaction trigger to go off which would then enable the fish vendors collision box and would make it so that clicking on the fish would make the vendor say something to you. For ducking, I made use of the audio ducking feature in the audio mixer. I set it so that the FX and the background music are both setup as the sends for the voice over. 

Voice overs, music, and effects are placed throughout the game. (1) Anything not setup as 3D audio as described above, is 2D. (2)

Credits

Market Background Music: Bensound.com
FX: Bensound.com
Voice Overs (main character, coffee robot, guard, security system, fish vendor): Myself
Security Room Background Music: Myself
Game Won Music: Myself
